[Music]
Okay, let's see, the thing is that we
did an interview with Jorge Javier on the other TV
today, okay. I've already been talking to you
this afternoon about this, apart from the forum,
okay, the forum is working
brutally, I'll
quickly repeat if there's anyone who's not
registered on the forum. Well, here you'll see
a button that would be to register.
Log in with Twitter and you can
participate in whatever thread you want. If you
want to talk about Rincraft, if you want to
talk about Ibai, if you want to talk about
Temptation Island, if you want to
talk about Save Me from whatever, but
we still have the other TV and
the other gossip that are the
news portals, this one needs to be made a little
prettier, I know, but anyway, these days it's
only been two or three days since we
launched it, okay, we still have the other TV, we've
also made, no, there's an
investment in which we bought
microphones and things from Our
Company, from our brand from the other TV, I
was showing it this afternoon, I don't know if I
have it here at hand
and we did an interview with Jorge
today, okay, the kids went, I don't know if
Ale Fernandez himself went and
did an interview with
Jorge Javier on microphone but they're telling me that they're
not putting the audio on But I don't understand
why they're not putting the audio on I
mean if it's an audio that we do if the audio is
n't ours it's an interview
on the street I mean it's not an audio it's not
a private audio Look so you can see
so you can see we've made an investment
and we've bought microphones of our
brand and so on for when we do
interviews at these types of
events no
This is an event that Jorge
Javier attended with Rocío Carrasco And that and we
've interviewed him okay but they're
telling me that they've published the
transcript damn are we going to put the
audio on it be an interview with
Jorge Javier on microphone I
don't understand that it's not a
private conversation it's an audio Jorge Javier has
answered the microphone knowing that it's for what it's
for to publish it I don't understand
why lose that that audio and that video I do
n't understand why why not because after
writing it having the audio and
being able to upload it to YouTube the
colleagues from the program have gone to the
musical premiere Singing in the Rain
where this medium has been okay And here we have
an exclusive interview of the
another TV to Jorge Javier it's worth the same as a
precaution but if it's a
media interview on the street or
rather if I try it's not private Jorge
Javier Vázquez Rocío Carrasco
attended this Wednesday the 28th the premiere in
Madrid of the musical Singing in the
Rain where the other TV had the
opportunity to go Jorge tells us
how he is experiencing this new stage in
Sálvame with the complicated audiences they
are having right at the beginning of the
television season very happy and
content after renewing my
long-term contract with Telecinco in 2023 I have
been linked to the group for 20 years it is
said soon about Sálvame it
tells everything has a reason despite
everything I am very happy because I have to that
every year you have the role and the obligation
to entertain and accompany the
viewers that makes you get your
batteries also tells us that he is very
excited about the success of the pre-sale
of his new book Before Oblivion which will be
published on November 9 he takes the opportunity
to highlight his approach to
television and is not considering
a new theater performance in the short term on the other
hand we have Rocio Carrasco
asked about the sudoku series in the
name of Rocío who claims to be
happy with the audience's reception
and that little by little the viewers are
seeing the reality and the truth yes about
all that But hey family here you
have it Congratulations Alex Fernández Ale
Fernández was one of the people with whom
the other TV project was founded
Congratulations Alex and very cool let's see I
would have put the audio But hey I don't know
I would have put the audio the truth
But hey he must have his reasons The kid does
n't want to put it
[Music]